[ci-visibility] Custom commands with support for more CI providers (#24274)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/continuous_integration/pipelines/custom_commands.md

Custom commands work with the following CI providers:

> - GitHub.com (SaaS) with datadog-ci CLI >= 2.40. For sending custom commands in GitHub Actions [see section below](#trace-a-command-in-github-actions)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- GitHub.com (SaaS) with datadog-ci CLI >= 2.40. For sending custom commands in GitHub Actions, see [Trace a command](#trace-a-command-in-github-actions).
```

- GitLab (SaaS or self-hosted >= 14.1) with datadog-ci CLI >= 2.40.
- Jenkins with the Datadog plugin >= v3.2.0
- CircleCI
- Azure DevOps Pipelines with datadog-ci CLI >= 2.40.

> - AWS Codepipeline with datadog-ci CLI >= 2.40. Follow [these instructions][6] to set up custom commands in AWS Codepipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- AWS Codepipeline with datadog-ci CLI >= 2.40. Follow [Adding custom commands][6] to set up custom commands in AWS Codepipeline.
```

</code>
</pre>
{{< /site-region >}}

> {{< site-region region="gov" >}}

Author: As you saw in the backend guild we forgot to remove it. Wanted to confirm haha
